Adds documentation to the README (#10)
Kuadrant/authorino-operator: README.md

# Authorino Operator

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

## Overview

A Kubernetes Operator to manage [Authorino](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino) deployments.

## Custom Resources

> * [Authorino](#authorino), Resposible for install, manager and configure Authorino, each CRD represents an instance of Authorino running on the cluster.

Reviewer: Broken link here.

# Authorino Operator

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

## Overview

A Kubernetes Operator to manage [Authorino](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino) deployments.

## Custom Resources

> * [Authorino](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino-operator/blob/3592a17868250de7079f26584059d09bbb51ff70/config/crd/bases/operator.authorino.kuadrant.io_authorinos.yaml), Resposible for install, manager and configure Authorino, each CRD represents an instance of Authorino running on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`Authorino`](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino-operator/blob/3592a17868250de7079f26584059d09bbb51ff70/config/crd/bases/operator.authorino.kuadrant.io_authorinos.yaml): to install, manager and configure Authorino authorization services; each CRD represents an instance of Authorino running on the cluster.
```

### Authorino's API Specification

#### Spec

> | Field | json field | Type | Info |

Reviewer: Perhaps we could go

```suggestion
| Field | Type | Description |
```

In "Field", we put the field name as in the spec (e.g. `logLevel`).

In "Type", pretty much what you proposed, except that instead of "object", we could use the name of the type you specified below, with a link to the section. E.g. 
```
| Field | Type | Description |
| `listener` | [Listener](#listener) | Specification of the authorization service (gRPC interface) |
```

(Just a suggestion)

Author: Sure, good idea I don't think the field name that matches with the API is too important

| Replicas     | replicas | number | Number of replicas desired for the given instance, default to one if not specified |
| LogLevel     | logLevel | string | Defines the level of log you want to enable in authorino (`debug`, `info` and `error`), if not specified it defaults to `info` |
| LogMode     | logMode | string | Defines the log mode in authorino (`development` or `production`), default to one if not specified `production` |
| ImagePullPolicy     | imagePullPolicy | string | Defines the [imagePullPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/) for when a deployment is created  |
| ClusterWide     | clusterWide | boolean | Defines the scope of an instance of Authorino, it can be either `namespaced` or `cluster-wide` for further information look at the [Authorino deployment guide](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino/blob/main/docs/deploy.md#5-deploy-authorino-instances). It will default to `cluster-wide` if not specified |
| Listener     | listener | object | [Listener](#listener) |
| OidcServer     | oidcServer | object | [OIDC Server](#oidcserver) |

#### Listener

> Specifies the details to communicate to an external authenticiation server, check out [Authorino's architecture](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino/blob/docs-restructuring/docs/architecture.md) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the details to communicate to an external authenticiation server, check out [Authorino's architecture](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino/blob/main/docs/architecture.md) for further details.
```

| Field | json field | Type | Info  |
|----------|---------|:----:|---------|
| Port     | port | number | Specify to port to the server, if not speficied it will default to port `50051` |
| Tls     | tls | object | [TLS](#tls) |

#### OIDCServer

> Specifies the details to communicate to an OIDC server, check out [Authorino's architecture](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino/blob/docs-restructuring/docs/architecture.md) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the details to communicate to an OIDC server, check out [Authorino's architecture](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino/blob/main/docs/architecture.md) for further details.
```

* [Bundles](https://quay.io/repository/3scale/authorino-operator-bundle)
* [Catalogs](https://quay.io/repository/3scale/authorino-operator-catalog)

Create a [CatalogSource](https://olm.operatorframework.io/docs/concepts/crds/catalogsource/) pointing to one of the images available in the operator's catalogs repo 

```bash
# Create a namespace to deploy the operator
kubectl create namespace authorino-operator

# Create the catalogsource resource
kubectl -n authorino-operator apply -f -<<EOF
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: CatalogSource
metadata:
  name: operatorhubio-catalog
  namespace: authorino-operator
spec:
  sourceType: grpc
  image: quay.io/3scale/authorino-operator-catalog:v0.0.1
  displayName: Authorino Operator
EOF
```

## Creating an instance of authorino

Once the operator is up and running you can deploy an instance of Authorino by creating an Authorino CRD.

Check out the authorino documentation for more information about authorino.

```bash
kubectl -n myapi apply -f -<<EOF
apiVersion: operator.authorino.kuadrant.io/v1beta1
kind: Authorino
metadata:
  name: authorino
spec:
  replicas: 1
  clusterWide: false
  listener:
    tls:
      enabled: false

>       certSecretName: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

It works without it just the same 😉

  oidcServer:
    tls:
      enabled: false

>       certSecretName: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Same as https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino-operator/pull/10/files#r757590687
